docs(elastic-metal): enable ssh on proxmox ve (#1095)
scaleway/docs-content: compute/elastic-metal/troubleshooting/enable-ssh-proxmox.mdx

---
meta:
  title: Enabling SSH on Elastic Metal servers running Proxmox VE
  description: This page explains how to enable SSH on Elastic Metal servers running Proxmox VE
content:
  h1: Enabling SSH on Elastic Metal servers running Proxmox VE
  paragraph: This page explains how to enable SSH on Elastic Metal servers running Proxmox VE
tags: proxmox elastic-metal ssh
categories:
  - compute
  - elastic-metal
dates:
  validation: 2022-12-14
  posted: 2022-12-14
---

> Proxmox VE is a complete, open-source server management platform for virtualization. It combines the KVM hypervisor and Linux Containers (LXC), storage and networking functionality - managable trhough a web-based user interface. However SSH connections to the Proxmox VE host are disabled by defalt for security reasons.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Proxmox VE is a complete, open-source server management platform for virtualization. It combines the KVM hypervisor and Linux Containers (LXC), storage and networking features - manageable through a web-based user interface. However SSH connections to the Proxmox VE host are disabled by default for security reasons.
```

> You can enable SSH on your machine after the installation of Proxmox from the Scaleway console, if you require SSH access to your Elastic Metal server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you require SSH access to your Elastic Metal server, you can enable SSH on your machine after the installation of Proxmox from the Scaleway console.
```

<Message type="requirement">
  - You have an account and are logged into the [Scaleway console](https://console.scaleway.com) 
  - You have [created](/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/create-server) and [installed](/compute/elastic-metal/how-to/install-server) an Elastic Metal server with Proxmox VE
</Message>

> 1. Login to the Proxmox web interface of your Elastic Metal server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the Proxmox web interface of your Elastic Metal server.
```
